editing pass over the main docs (#1231)
marin-community/marin: docs/explanation/lm-pipeline.md

> # The Language Modeling Pipeline

Author: This is still not exactly what we want (I guess our framing has shifted with tootsie since the early days of Marin), but this is okay for now.

Our goal is to build strong base and instruction-tuned language models.

> There are many components of this pipeline, all of whihc are represented in Marin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many components of this pipeline, all of which are represented in Marin:
```

> 1. Curating raw sources (e.g., HTML, PDF, etc.)

Reviewer: need a blank line before list start
```suggestion

1. Curating raw sources (e.g., HTML, PDF, etc.)
```

2. Crawling the web for additional raw sources
3. Converting raw sources into text
4. Training quality classifers
5. Filtering the raw data with those classifiers
6. Performing deduplication to produce clean data
7. Tokenization the clean data for training
8. Training a model on the tokenized data
9. Evaluating the resulting model

Currently, we leverage the following open-source tools (thanks to the authors for making them!):

> - For transforming HTML into text, we use a variety of tools including trafilatura and resiliparse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For transforming HTML into text, we use a variety of tools including [trafilatura](https://github.com/adbar/trafilatura) and [resiliparse](https://resiliparse.chatnoir.eu/en/stable/).
```

- For data filtering, we use [fastText](https://fasttext.cc/).

> - For model training, it uses [Levanter](https://github.com/stanford-crfm/levanter),
>   a Jax-based framework that's legible, scalable, and reproducible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For model training, it uses the JAX-based [Levanter](https://github.com/stanford-crfm/levanter)
```

> - For model evaluation, we use [lm-evaluation-harness](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness).

Reviewer: #```suggestion
- For model evaluation, we use [lm-evaluation-harness](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness).
- For inference, we use [vllm](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm).
```
